bluetooth: fast_pair: fmdn: Fix Kconfig dependency misalignment (#21946)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Bluetooth libraries and services
--------------------------------

* :ref:`bt_fast_pair_readme` library:

  * Updated:

    * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_FMDN_RING_REQ_TIMEOUT_DULT_MOTION_DETECTOR` Kconfig option dependency.

>       Now it depends on the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_FMDN_DULT_MOTION_DETECTOR` Kconfig option.

Reviewer: It will be good to indicate the previous dependency:

```suggestion
      The dependency has been updated from the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_FMDN_DULT` Kconfig option to the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_FMDN_DULT_MOTION_DETECTOR` Kconfig option.
```

Bluetooth libraries and services
--------------------------------

* :ref:`bt_fast_pair_readme` library:

  * Updated:

    * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_FMDN_RING_REQ_TIMEOUT_DULT_MOTION_DETECTOR` Kconfig option dependency.

>       The dependency has been updated from the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_FMDN_DULT` Kconfig option to the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_FMDN_DULT_MOTION_DETECTOR` Kconfig option.

Reviewer: blank line missing
